hey what's up guys welcome back once
again it is MIMO sell out of here with
you guys today we're on our walls are
for noobs account guys and guess what we
got to do so our shield and everything
is up from that week that we got the
wheat shield we've got a lot of loot on
this base right now
and here's we're gonna be doing so all
that I have to upgrade so this barrack
right here is 9 can't upgrade that again
this one right here is going to be level
9 in 19 hours we've got to upgrade this
barrack and this dark barrack guys this
dark barrack will take five days this
regular barrack will take four days and
then if we were to upgrade our Town Hall
it would take eight days so all that we
have left to upgrade guys besides our
air sweeper right here which is gonna be
done in two days 11 hours oh gosh is the
barrack and the dark bed so we're going
for it guys we're gonna upgrade our Town
Hall in today's video yes we're gonna
have a townhall 8 without walls watch
and learn
so in 19 hours I'm gonna jump back on
here and then upgrade one of these and
then since this takes longer the other
one will still be upgrading and we will
be good to go guys so nice we've got
this one that'll be done as well so we
can upgrade both of these at the same
freakin time we'll just have to get a
little bit more elixir yeah barely a
little bit more elixir so let's go ahead
upgrade the Town Hall guys boom there we
go yes upgrading to Town Hall 8 there
isn't really much else to do in this
because I can't attack I want to keep
that shield still because I need to
protect this elixir so I'll go ahead and
train up shoot watch it on your own okay
and I can't use either of those which
sucks so bad so we'll just fill this one
all the way up with barbarians this one
all the way up with archers we can't do
anything else about it and let's go
ahead and watch some replays though so
that this isn't just a video of me
saying hey guys I upgraded my townhall
even though that's practically what it
is so let's go and watch some replays
this guy right here good lands he got a
lot of loot whoa how did he not get a
start he doesn't know he just totally
ignored the town all he didn't want the
loot bonus so he's coming in from the
side guys look how much loot there is is
so much gold there's so much gold and
elixir for him he's got a level five
King over there I know I could've
upgraded my king higher but I think it's
gonna be cooler to have a townhall 8
without walls I wasn't really worried
about completely maxing it out because I
don't have walls anyways so we're going
up and we're gonna have to research our
troops all that kind of stuff so
tonight's gonna be a lot of fun for us
ten away without walls guys that's a lot
that is a lot we've been at townhall 7
on this for a very long time because I
don't play it that much because I play
my other ones more but this guy's coming
in she's taking all my loot because he's
a freaking jerk what was your name even
what is his name I don't understand is
it can anyone translate that for me cuz
I've got no clue what it says but he's
coming in he took a WoW he took a lot of
our loot from us but we were still able
to upgrade everything let's go and just
fast for him he doesn't even touch the
townhall which is hilarious to me he
gets through all those defenses wow
there's still 200,000 elixir left over
that he wasn't able to get but he got
three hundred and eleven thousand gold
which is miserable guys let me know what
y'all want to see from this something
that doesn't take that much time because
obviously I do on my rush get crushed on
my main account I'm pushing and
upgrading with the townhall 9 so that
takes up a lot of my time I have to rate
on that a lot and get loot so let me
know what you want to see once we get to
townhall 8 with this that doesn't take
that much time so we can just do random
strategies we can make troll defenses
without walls cuz that could be funny to
watch people attack and fail some of you
guys but that's gonna be I know it's a
little bit shorter but I hope that you
guys are stoked for town on eight
because I most definitely am it is gonna
be a blast and we are going to be there
for a while so thank you so much for
watching guys really really do
appreciate it I love you all so much
make sure you go check out my vlog
channel if you haven't I'm been vlogging
every single day on there you guys just
get a little glimpse into my life that's
more vlogs it's down in the description
as well and as always guys make sure you
keep calm and your clash complement
right see you guys later peace